To,
The Additional Director General of Police, Bareilly Range, Bareilly.
Subject - Application for registering a report.
Sir,
It is submitted that the applicant Noman Aarif, son of Mohammad Aarif, is a resident of Mohalla Kila Kheda, town and police station Ujhani, District Budaun, and currently resides at House No. 146, Village Mulahera, Sector 22, Gurgaon (Haryana).
 The applicant was married about two and a half months ago on 26.12.2022 according to Muslim customs and rituals to Shabana Ahmad, daughter of Pasand Ahmad, resident of Mohalla Ganj Shahida, town and police station Ujhani, District Budaun, currently residing at H.No. 806, Sector 3, Ramkrishna Puram, New Delhi.
 The applicant and his father are originally residents of Ujhani, hence all the pre-wedding and wedding rituals took place in Ujhani itself.
 After the wedding, Shabana Ahmad departed (bidaai) and came to the applicant's house and lived as a wife, but from the very first night, Shabana Ahmad was hesitant to establish marital (physical) relations, kept making excuses, and would stay in the toilet/bathroom for a long time.
 On 05.01.2023, the applicant took Shabana Ahmad to Gurgaon (Haryana) where the applicant worked in a private company and lived in a rented room.
 The next day, for our honeymoon, we went to Manali, Himachal Pradesh, but even there Shabana Ahmad's attitude towards physical relations remained bad, and on 11.01.2023, we returned to Ujhani.
 On 19.01.2023, Shabana Ahmad took all her jewelry and expensive clothes received at the time of the wedding from her maternal home and in-laws, and we both went to her parents' house in Ramkrishna Puram, New Delhi.
 Shabana Ahmad refused to live with me in Gurgaon, so I stayed with Shabana Ahmad at her parents' house.
 During this period, Shabana Ahmad's stomach became quite heavy and enlarged, and yellowness started appearing in patches on her face and body.



I asked Shabana Ahmad and her parents to get Shabana Ahmad examined by a doctor, but they kept making excuses and delaying.
 However, seeing Shabana's behavior and physical condition, I began to feel that Shabana Ahmad had been suffering from some serious illness since before the wedding and was deliberately hiding her illness and was not ready to see a doctor with me.
 Therefore, my suspicion grew even more.
 On 18.02.2023, there was the wedding of Shabana Ahmad's maternal uncle's daughter in Ujhani, and Shabana did not attend the wedding with me from Delhi, but instead stayed with her father.
 The day after the wedding, on 19.02.2023, I came to Delhi and due to Shabana's bad behavior and hiding the illness, I took the car NISSAN MAGNITE NO. DL3CC3825 given in the wedding from Ujhani and parked it at Shabana Ahmad's parents' house in R.K. Puram, New Delhi, and handed over all its documents to her family.
 On the evening of 22.02.2023, when I came to Shabana's R.K. Puram house from my office, Shabana had not returned home from her office.
 Her brother and sister-in-law (bhabhi) were present in the house.
 I saw medical papers in Shabana's name kept on a table in the house, took photos of them with my mobile camera, and later showed those papers to several doctors in Budaun and Delhi and informed my father.
 Then I learned for the first time that Shabana Ahmad has a ball-sized tumor (cyst/fibroid) in her uterus, and this tumor is about 2 years old.
 Because of this, she cannot conceive.
 Shabana Ahmad's family members married her off to me by hiding this illness without telling me.
 If I had known this earlier, I would not have married her, and in this way, Shabana Ahmad and her family cheated me and married her off by hiding the illness.
 My father also inquired about this illness from Shabana's parents and brother several times, but they kept delaying because Shabana cannot conceive due to the illness.
 Therefore, my lineage will not be able to progress, and upon hearing about the illness, I started remaining mentally ill.
 I am the only son of my parents; one sister is married and
 
 
the second sister remains mentally ill.
 On the morning of 26.02.2023, I went to Shabana's house and asked Shabana and her brother and sister-in-law for all the papers regarding Shabana's treatment and asked them to accompany me to the doctor, but Shabana, her brother, and sister-in-law flatly refused to go to the doctor.
 Therefore, feeling helpless, I gave Shabana the first divorce (Talaq) on that very day, and I will give the remaining second and third divorces at intervals of one month each.
 Shabana's father is a retired Sub-Inspector of Police, and her brother is working as a 'Peshkar' (Court Clerk) in Saket Court, Delhi, and I fear that these people might frame me and my family in a false case.
 It is out of this fear that I am not taking any action in Delhi and I am sending this application to you, Sir, via registered post.
Therefore, it is requested to Sir that the applicant's application be registered for information and kindly take legal action.
Date - 15/03/2023
[Signature]
 Applicant Noman Aarif son of Mohammad Aarif
 Resident of Mohalla Kila Kheda
 Town and Police Station Ujhani, District Budaun
 Current resident H.No. 146,
 Village Mulahera, Sector 22, Gurgaon,
 Haryana.